Clarify when messages needs to be identified up front (#4350)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/messaging/messages-events-commands.md

partial: errors

## Designing messages

Messages represent data contracts between endpoints. They should be designed according to the following guidelines.
 
Messages should:

* be simple [POCO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plain_old_CLR_object) types.
* be as small as possible.
* satisfy the [Single Responsibility Principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_responsibility_principle). Types used for other purposes (e.g. domain objects, data access objects, or UI binding objects) should not be used as messages.

> Note: A message must be a reference type (`class`). An attempt to send a message which is a value type (`struct`) will result in a runtime exception.

Reviewer: Which runtime exception? That would help with SEO.

Author: ```
System.NullReferenceException : Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
   at NServiceBus.TypeExtensionMethods.SerializationFriendlyName(Type t)
   at NServiceBus.XmlSerialization.Serialize()
   at NServiceBus.XmlMessageSerializer.Serialize(Object message, Stream stream)
   at 
```

oops :)

I'll fix this in the core so until then let's leave this as is?

## Identifying messages

Endpoints will process any message that can be de-serialized into a .NET Type but requires message contracts to be identified up front to support:

* [Automatic subscriptions](/nservicebus/messaging/publish-subscribe/controlling-what-is-subscribed.md) for event types
* [Routing based on `namespace` or `assembly`](/nservicebus/messaging/routing.md) for commands

Messages can be defined either by implementing a marker interface or by specifying a custom convention.

### Marker interfaces

The simplest way to identify messages is to use interfaces.

* `NServiceBus.ICommand` for a command.
* `NServiceBus.IEvent` for an event.
* `NServiceBus.IMessage` for any other type of message (e.g. a _reply_ in a request response pattern).

```cs
public class MyCommand : ICommand { }

public class MyEvent : IEvent { }

public class MyMessage : IMessage { }
```

### Conventions

> To avoid having message contract assemblies reference NServiceBus, what's else known as [unobtrusive mode](unobtrusive-mode.md), [custom conventions](/nservicebus/messaging/conventions.md) to identify contracts for messages, commands and events can be defined.

Reviewer: This sentence does not read well.
```suggestion
To avoid having message contract assemblies reference the NServiceBus assembly [custom conventions](/nservicebus/messaging/conventions.md) can be used to identify the types used as contracts for messages, commands and events. This mode is known as [unobtrusive mode](unobtrusive-mode.md).
```
